1.What data types do each of these values represent?
  1.string
  2.integer
  3.dates
  4.float
  5.numeric

2.Explain in your own words when a database might be used. Explain when a text file might be used.
  A.) A database would be used when you want to allow multiple users access information, from multiple locations and
      across multiple platforms that can create, update, read, and destroy data.

  B.) A text file would be used when the data within the file is only being used by one user at a time, and on the
      same platform.

3. Describe one difference between SQL and other programming languages.
  SQL queries don't specify steps to produce the result making it declarative where other languages can require step by
  step instructions in order to produce results making them procedural.

4.In your own words, explain how the pieces of a database system fit together at a high level.
  The database is made up of columns that is labeled to what is stored within them. There are also rows
  that create an id that fills in the values to each cell of the columns.

5.Explain the meaning of table, row, column, and value.
  TABLE = What is created with rows, columns, and values are put together.
  ROW = Is given an ID and each column is given a value in that row.
  COLUMN = Is similar data type, but have different values from each row.
  VALUE = Is what is applied to give the table structure. Is applied within a cell at a particular cross section
          of the row and column.

6. List 3 data types that can be used in a table.
  1. string
  2. integer
  3. float

7.Given this payments table, provide an English description of the following queries and include their results:
  1. Give all values from columns "date" and "amount" from the "payments" table.
  2. Give all values from column "amount" in the "payments" table, that is greater than 500.
  3.In the "payments" table, give all values for the row that contains 'Mega Foods' in the "payee" columm.

8.Given this users table, write SQL queries using the following criteria and include the output:

The email and sign-up date for the user named DeAndre Data.
SELECT email, signup
FROM users
WHERE name = 'DeAndre Data'

The user ID for the user with email 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu'.
SELECT userid
FROM users
WHERE email = 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu'

All the columns for the user ID equal to 4.
SELECT *
FROM users
WHERE userid = 4
